c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.exe.config
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.exe
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.pdb
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.Index.resources
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.exe
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.pdb
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.exe.manifest
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.application
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.exe.manifest
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.application
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.form2.resources
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\erwin-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.exe.config
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.application
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.exe
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\VbldBar.pdb
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.form2.resources
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.index.resources
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.application
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.exe
C:\Users\Erwin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VbldBar\VbldBar\obj\Debug\VbldBar.pdb
